The super interconnected information age world has led to almost the entire globe having access to all information possible. This being a new normal is a very positive thing, people have not changed but the medium we consume information has, leading to less censorship, viral trends of exposing power figures, and interconnected framework that can reach anyone in under a second.
Censoring news and filtering out information to the public use to be easy because of the control of newspapers or news stations. Now we have thousands of unfiltered social giants that only remove content after being published or do not remove it at all because of the internet backlash that ensues after censoring important topics. Leading to a hole which exposing someone can originate, and by the time it is removed, can spread like a virus over the internet.
Many viral stories come up about power figures like governments censoring the public or inside employees or officials expose online illegal practices some businesses take part in. Using the anonymity of the internet and the accessibility people are constantly revealing new information publicly exposing such practices. For example, “We likely would not have seen the “Arab Spring” regime changes in Egypt or Tunisia if citizens did not have the mobilizing power of cell phones.” (Hesse, 2015) This points out how the use of the internet can be used in such a powerful way to prevent from governments and corrupt people from taking over entire countries by cutting off means of communication or just censoring media. 
Being the interconnected society, we are today can lead to immediate contacts for emergencies or alert systems to warn areas. With the unreal amounts of knowledge available a good amount could be on false information or purposely misleading. Using trustful medias and scholarly sources have been found to be the best way to avoid the false information. Generally being that because of the mass amounts people are not willing to read long articles on cases they want to just consume the main topics and points leading to articles becoming shorter to retain an audience with a decreasing attention span.
The amount of information that is passed around now leads to this new age allowing us to receive more information. The dynamic web allows weaving around censorship easier to avoid and get out critical news about potential corruption. These are very positive for over future and a less shadowed world.
Some of the bad outliers are the false spread of information combating the other potentially great news. “Getting kids plugged into activities such as Girl Scouts, community service, and team sports; keeping screens out of bedrooms” (Helbdom 2016) would help teach new kids born into this age in person social skills. Since most interactions are over a text message the amount of in-person interaction has dramatically decreased even between friends. So even though we are super connected we are also less connected on a personal level. 
I believe that this new interconnected world is a positive thing, there are ways for it to be abused but the pros greatly outweigh the cons. With the ability to instantly communicate information and circulate important details grows power in the people because of the difficulty to halt any information from reaching the globe.